>> Bianca Gandolfo: In
an interview setting,
I recommend using the adjacency list, but
it is important to understand the pros and
cons between the adjacency list and
the adjacency matrix.
So as you saw, right,
inserting a node into the adjacency
matrix is much more work than
the adjacency list, right.
Constant versus linear.
Also, adjacency list takes
up a lot more space, right?
You have to build that whole matrix
even if you don't have a lot of edges,
could be just full of zeroes, right?
So you have all this space for nothing.
Whereas the adjacency list is
only going to track the edges.
However, a pro of the adjacency matrix is,
if you're into
matrix math-type stuff,
you can do cool stuff with that.
But that's way over my head.
But if you're into that,
you can look into that.
So that's just a cool thing.
So with that said, in real life,
practically speaking and
adjacency list is the one you should use.
However, if the adjacency matrix is,
makes more
sense to you because it just kind of looks
more like a real life tangible thing.
You can use it in your interview,
but just note that you
should talk about the pros and
cons with your interviewer ahead of time.
And just be prepared if you're like,
I'm only gonna use an adjacency matrix
when I have a graph traversal question or
whatever, just explain the pros and
the cons.
And also, practice it first because,
even though it might seem easier,
it can actually be a bit trickier.
But everyone's brain is different.
Okay, so right now for
this exercise, the graph exercise,
we are going to implement the constructor.
Adding a node, adding an edge, and
removing a node of an adjacency list.